hey youtube this is ebon magician 34 I'm
going to give you a battle spirits video
believe it or not this gets to be
successful or I get to be good which i
think i will be in the future there may
be more of these to come I just want the
court championships which was just the
first set did not include rise of angels
but it's obviously in the next event is
going to Margaret cut short I mention I
took first place virtually everybody
there was competitive and there was no
easy matchup for me all day which is you
know kind of a drag but it's fun it's
why you go and play I want some maps
first off on this killed Linda Matt it's
pretty cool I also won two of this
awesome lithographic affinity is Matt I
just called the Phoenix this thing's
awesome Phoenix with swords and such a
feather's well they're kind of sword
like on the back there that's also i
really wanted this mat so it's awesome
to have it coming in first it's just
like a regional the court championships
my payout was two boxes so that's
awesome here they are their boxes from
the new set got all those boosters FS
all those rappers I'm going to mail in
for cool promos got three x rays out of
it a bunch of really good masters new
set looks promising challenging to four
deck building so it's going to be cool
I've got some good promos too and i'm
going to show you right quick the deck I
ran real quick it's a simple green and
red agri with a few splashes obviously
except I hired to do in the first set it
doesn't run any nexuses it's 28
creatures and 12 alternates so I'm just
going to hit you with that real quick
three betul betul that is three flying
raaz 3 hercules geo real straightforward
here so you can lick the butt or however
you pronounce that
to emerald scissor to stag Grove 4,000
to 5,000 I found was the BP I needed to
reach to really crack people open hungry
tree it's just such a nice card that's
all the green critters the red line up
in monsters is actually pretty slim it's
three rocks era tops find him to be
better than gora did not bother with
them three Scout drag knows there's
wonderful offense beating sticks and
this guy proved to be one of my tech
cards today probably would not have made
it if admin for this guy to copy of
Lancer Raptor as high entrance constant
only two reduction kind of made me
hesitate but it only takes two cores to
make him go to 4000 and I was using him
to pop the shah's users really early
with his effect and if you hit them
early they used like in the first couple
turns that pretty which diffuses them so
that was really nice and speaking of the
devil to shazia I was like I gets
limited Sunday he's just a little too
good to storm drawers couldn't run three
frankly I only kind of dabble in this
game so I I actually didn't own a third
storm draw but stronger i don't find to
be as effective as its counterpart
double draw and more than a not i found
myself just pitching stuff i really
needed instead and i would rather drawn
it I didn't offer me a lot of advantage
in the long run so Believe It or Not
despite the fact that it's a super cheap
graceful charity the two were plenty to
be honest with you almost too much if
you know what I mean three binding
because it's just a free tap it's
wonderful flame tempest because this
card is savage and sleeps the field
double draw well now uh and to silent
wall and played correctly it's amazing
that's the whole deck it's real
straightforward I kind of threw this I'd
act together truth be told I bill this
is like one o'clock before the day of
the event so I didn't know exactly I was
gonna be up against I did run sickle
fool fool Joker because you can easily
kill two things at once
that may be a he kinda call didn't end
up using that so much drag Soros more
focused on creatures and the bum rush so
he's easier to draw up the Buster spear
because I'm creature focused I pick him
over the spirit that's the only reason
to ruby suns didn't really see much of
anything in the way of white so I didn't
end up coming in mr. it hoser one
binding woods for the really heavy index
I can usually handle them but a nice
draw against them anyway I did use it
once or twice because the deck is a lot
of draw power so one in so bad and then
diamond moon because I was expecting to
see one more red heavy stuff out there
and I I didn't not enough to ever really
side it in came close to once decide to
go without it and took him in the next
game so it doesn't matter but so yeah
there you go there's a sideboard my neck
and if I get any kind of good response
on this or find something interesting
I'll post again on this until next time
rate comment subscribe and enjoy